Enable selection of annotation scanners (#1370) via maven plugin config. (#1894)
smallrye/smallrye-open-api: tools/maven-plugin/README.adoc

- `skip` (boolean, default: false) - Skip execution of the plugin.
- `encoding` (String) - Encoding of output OpenAPI files.
- `outputFileTypeFilter` (String, default: ALL) - Set this to `YAML` in order to let the generation process produce just *.yaml output, `JSON` to obtain *.json files only. The default is `ALL`, which will generate both file types.

> - `scanners` (List<String>) - To set the names of the AnnotationScanner implementations that should be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scanners` (List<String>) - Names of the AnnotationScanner implementations that should be executed. If omitted or an empty list, all scanners will be executed. The names of the scanners available by default are `JAX-RS`, `Spring`, and `Vert.x`.
```
